[Service Bus] Update migration guide with perf improvements and coming up features (#12629)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/migrationguide.md

We have a variety of new features in the version 7 of the Service Bus library.

- A new `ServiceBusAdministrationClient` to perform operations like create/get/list/update/delete on queues/topics/subscriptions/rules. These were already available as part of a separate package `@azure/arm-servicebus` that uses Azure Resource Manager APIs but had the drawback of not supporting connection strings.
- Ability to create a batch of messages with the smarter `ServiceBusSender.createBatch()` and `ServiceBusMessageBatch.tryAddMessage()` APIs. This will help you manage the messages to be sent in the most optimal way.
- Ability to configure the retry policy used by the operations on the client, sender and receivers.
- Ability to cancel async operations on the client, sender and receivers and the management operations using the abort signal from `@azure/abort-controller`.

> - Ability to perform tracing with `[@azure/core-tracing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/core/core-tracing/README.md)`

Reviewer: Lets not call out tracing. It is something we consider to be in beta

Author: ```suggestion
```

- Authentication with AAD credentials using `@azure/identity`.

>   Refer [Changelog.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md) for more new features, changes and bug fixes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Refer to the [Changelog.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md) for more new features, changes and bug fixes.
```

### Performance Improvements

> Notable performance improvements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notable performance improvements:
```
?

> - Number of messages that can be sent in a certain duration using a single sender has been improved by about 4-5 folds(excluding the effects of batch message API).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Number of messages that can be sent in a certain duration using a single sender has been improved 4-5 times from v1.x (excluding the effects of batch message API).
```

> - Proper cleanup and better listener management affecting workflows in multiple areas such as message lock renewals, session lock renewals, peeking into messages would improve the memory usage and avoids potential memory leaks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Memory usage for message lock renewals, session lock renewals and peeking has been made more efficient.
```

(maybe? I'm not sure if we have to mention listeners here)

Author: Hmmm.

Author: I've taken in your changes, changelog mentions detailed information, this might be enough for here then.

  await serviceBusAdministrationClient.deleteRule();
  ```

### Upcoming features

- [Transactions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-transactions#transactions-in-service-bus) to group two or more operations together into an execution scope to ensure that all operations belonging to a given group of operations either succeed or fail jointly.

> - Optional [prefetch](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-prefetch) support to speed up the message flow by having a message readily available for local retrieval when and before the application asks for one.

Author: ```suggestion
- Optional [prefetch](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-prefetch) support to speed up the message flow by having a message readily available for local retrieval when and before the application asks for one.
```

> - An optional method on `ServiceBusSender` to allow pre-initializing the sender link to remove the upfront cost from the first send operation.
> - [Transactions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-transactions#transactions-in-service-bus) to group two or more operations together into an execution scope to ensure that all operations belonging to a given group of operations either succeed or fail jointly.
> - Optional [prefetch](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-prefetch) support to speed up the message flow by having a message readily available for local retrieval when and before the application asks for one.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Transactions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-transactions#transactions-in-service-bus) to group two or more operations together into an execution scope to ensure that all operations belonging to a given group of operations either succeed or fail jointly.
- Optional [prefetch](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-prefetch) support to speed up the message flow by having a message readily available for local retrieval when and before the application asks for one.
- An optional method on `ServiceBusSender` to allow pre-initializing the sender link to remove the upfront cost from the first send operation.
```

  await serviceBusAdministrationClient.deleteRule();
  ```

### Upcoming features

> - An optional method on `ServiceBusSender` to allow pre-initializing the sender link to remove the upfront cost from the first send operation.

Reviewer: Let's re-order this and put it in the end

Author: Done
